# 0x02. C - Functions, nested loops

## Synopsis
This project is a more in-depth look at loops, nested loops, and functions in C

## Requirements for C files
* Allowed editors: `vi`, `vim`, `emacs`
* All files must be compiled on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS
* C programs and functions must be compiled with gcc 4.8.4 using the flags `-Wall` `-Werror` `-Wextra` and `-pedantic`
* All of our files should end with a new line
* A `README.md` at the root of the folder of the project is mandatory
* No more than 5 functions per file
* Use Holberton's version of [_putchar](https://github.com/holbertonschool/_putchar.c/blob/master/_putchar.c)
* All our header files should be guarded
* Not allowed to use global variables
* Not allowed to use the standard use (functions ike `printf`, `puts`, etc.

## Environment
The project was tested and compiled on `Ubuntu 14.04 (trusty64)` via Vagrant run through VirtualBox.

## File Descriptions
This repository contains the following files. Listed are the parameters of each task:

### 0-holberton.c

Program that prints `Holberton`, followed by a new line

* The program should return `0`

### 1-alphabet.c

Function prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

* Prototype: `void print_alphabet(void);`
* Can only use `__putchar` twice in the code

### 2-print_alphabet_x10.c

Function prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

* Prototype: `void print_alphabet_x10(void);`
* Can only use `__putchar` twice in the code

### 3-islower.c

Function checks for lowercase characters.

* Prototype `int _islower(int c);`
* Returns a `1` if `c` is lowercase
* Returns `0` otherwise

The standard library provides a similar function (`islower`).

### 4-isalpha.c

Function checks for an alphabetic character.

* Prototype: `int _isalpha(int c);`
* Returns a `1` if `c` is lowercase or uppercase
* Returns `0` otherwise

The standard library provides a similar function (`isalpha`)

### 5-sign.c

Function prints the sign of a number.

* Prototype: `int print_sign(int n);`
* Returns `1` and prints `+` if `n` is greater than zero
* Returns `0` and prints `0` if `n` is zero
* Returns `-1` and prints `-` if `n` is less than zero

### 6-abs.c

Function computes the absolute value of an integer.

* Prototype `int _abs(int);`

The standard library provides a similar function (`abs`).

### 7-print_last_digit.c

Function prints the last digit of a number

* Prototype: `int print_last_digit(int);`
* Returns the value of the last digit

### 8-24_hours.c

Function prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

* Prototype: `void jack_bauer(void);`

### 9-times_table.c

Function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

* Prototype: `void times_table(void);`

### 10-add.c

Function adds two integers and returns the result.

* Prototype: `int add(int, int);`

### 11-print_to_98.c

Function prints all natural numbers from `n` to `98`, followed by a new line.

* Prototype: `void print_to_98(int n);`
* Numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space
* Numbers should be printed in order
* The first printed number should be the number passed to your function
* The last printed number should be `98`
* Standard library is allowed for this function

### 100-times_table.c

Function prints the `n` times table, starting with `0`.

* Prototype: `void print_times_table(int n);`
* If `n` is greater than `15` or less than `0` the function should not print anything

### 101-natural.c

If we list all the natural numbers below `10` that are multiples of `3` or `5`, we get `3`, `5`, `6`, and `9`. The sum of these multiples is `23`. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of `3` or `5` below `1024` (excluded), followed by a new line.

* Standard library is allowed for this function

### 102-fibonacci.c

Program prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with `1` and `2`, followed by a new line

* The numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space (`, `)
* Standard library is allowed for this function

### 103-fibonacci.c

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with `1` and `2`, the first 10 terms will be: `1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89`. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

* Standard library is allowed for this function